# M06-Project-Introduction-and-Project-Status-Report-II
Git is a free, open source, distributed version control system used for managing code on small, medium and large projects.  GitHub is a web-based Git hosting service.  It is mostly used for computer code, and is used by software development professionals not just for code management, but for archival and sharing of code and projects amongst each other, and for potential clients/employers to see.  Use of GitHub is an extremely common way for software developers to internetwork as well.  Learning about and using GitHub (or, perhaps, similar tools) will be a key part of your software development career.  For this second step in completing your Final Project, you'll need to:  Submit what you've completed so far with the zip folder of your project. Create a document of your project, what you have completed, what problem you have, and what is your next step. Create a GitHub repository to upload your final project. Please visit the website https://github.com/ (Links to an external site.) to get started.  Please submit a Word document, a zip folder, and your Github link to your application.   After completing this, you will continue to develop your application in the following weeks. A peer review of your project will be required in Module 7, which you will need to turn in your application zip file and show your progress to your classmates.   Please follow the following requirements for your final project, this shows a detailed breakdown for how the points are distributed:    A working GUI tkinter application with at least two windows.   50 points Implementing a modular approach in your application. 10 points Consistent clear navigation throughout the GUI application.   10 points Use at least two images in your application(images should have alternate text).  10 points Include at least three labels. 10 points Include at least three buttons. 10 points Include at least three call back function with each button, including exit button. 20 points Implement secure coding best practices, including input validation to check if the user entered the correct data type, make sure the entry box is not empty, etc.   10 points Validation testing - 20 points.  Develop an appropriate set of test data to fully validate the program against.  the data sets you tested against.  a brief written explanation of the results of your tests and what you had to fix.  screen shots of your good test data working.  User manual creation - 20 points.  You will write and submit a User's manual for your final project and submit it according to the instructions in the attached file. Documentation of source code - 20 points.  You will fully document (comment) the corrected Python tkinter source code with appropriate comments including: A brief explanation of the purpose of each module (Sub) at the beginning of each Sub. (A header's comment) Explanation of the purpose of each variable where it is declared. (An end line comment) Line by line, or at least section by section comments within the code, explaining what the line/section does.  12. The link of the GitHub repository for your final project. 10 points
